do y'all get on me down and mr. Fletcher
up is doing this thing victory like it
dang and I'm running thing who gonna
stop you to what is good she made me
near Jones again bringing you guys today
some parts gameplay over on the ps4 and
I gotta say man you gotta excuse the
what can i call this all the noise in
the background i'ma just say yeah the
noise in the background you're gonna
have babies crying you're gonna do is
talking trash excuse that some of you
guys might find an entertainer some of
you guys might find it annoying i did
not know that is picking up the ingame
chat while I was recording this so yeah
so please excuse that but if you don't
mind okay so let's go ahead and get
right into the gameplay so I'm out here
with my homie libro Santiago man yeah
hit me up said he was running on the
park so I was like yo let's get it but
look at your boy right here wide open I
think I hadn't looked down for a min I'm
later let's do they pass me the ball so
they wanted up stripping me man getting
the chicken strips so the point guard
finding a wide open dude over the corner
net is off and look at the garbage man
getting that trash up off the rim
fasting to break you guys now we play
stopping popping getting that to go and
get my first points of the game right
there here these guys man so the point
guard losing the ball right there and
it's due dec and then the beginning of
the game and jacking a lot so they throw
alley you too my man making your boy
look bad trying to stop the break and
they wanna throw an alley-oop over top
of your boy but it's all good so the kid
J coming down beautiful move right there
but getting a shot blocked okay I told
they do get his body up so libro
thinking 3 s's first time actually
touching the ball man I'm trying to tell
you me and him could not get the ball a
big guys could not get any love is that
guy gets that three to go right there I
mean when you coming out here on these
five you gotta make sure that you got
like at least like three your homies
which you bad if not a whole scene
because I'm telling you telling you it's
gonna be frustrating not getting the
ball but a man I'm a team player so I'm
gonna just go out here as the guy he
checks right there and get that through
to go
but give these boys and put my team in
the position to win so look at my god
wide open and ah man I was sitting in
caught sleeping in the paint man trying
to play defense and luckily man mighty
may have my back right there so look at
your boy getting the rebound they wound
up follow me so that one guy was mad
that I got the rebound so these guys are
coming down throw the ball to my man
wide open any nice to shot down and
that's what I get man for patrolling the
paint right there you know that's our
ball man so I'm off on a break going up
look follow my homie libro and look at
it coming down with the monster jam
right there and I'm like man me maybe me
everybody bro should start playing a
two-man game you know seriously because
we can't get the ball so that guy throws
up a 3 that is off and looking libro
house in that rebound right there so
he's thrown the ball up to the point
guard I look at this guy jacking wild so
Cato cuz mr. clean his hair so I'm
resetting the ball trying to see if I
can find somebody open up swinging it
down to libro and did you hear what that
guy said about me he said I gotta love a
shirt or cheeks oh man so to do coming
down and look at this we're just so out
of whack man luckily to God mrs. that
three right there I mean got gosh is
guarding the ball and I playing a man so
sbl coming down trying to put the moves
on to see my boy libro wide open for
three as he knocks it down big shot
right there big shot so look at this
little guy trying to post up libro like
come over so we get the chicken strips
right there we are off on a break Bam
Bam going up and I gets it to go thought
he was gonna get it block because nine
times out of ten man that animation gets
blocked from behind beautiful pass from
the point guard finding my boy libro cut
and getting a slam and unleashes getting
the ball man cuz your boy i still
haven't touched the ball but it's all
good i'm off on a break calling for it
finally passes me the ball look at me
someone the Aleut to my boy libre as he
slams it down told you man I ain't a
selfish player man might a selfish
player so I'm inbounding the ball
throwing it over to my boy libro he's
swinging it to the kid Jane he's coming
down kid
slam right there so we're out here
ballin so Trey dawg coming down and no
sire come on not in my paint man we are
not having that so the point guard BAM
Bam's coming down he's throwing up at
alley you been who's that too dude Oh
bad so we could not get to still right
there he's jacking up a 3 that is off
and look who comes up with the rebound a
garbage man I look at that beautiful
pass to libro in you bro shoot it from
off the ground I don't know what
happened right there man so this dudes
jacking another three that is off look
at the garbage man house and a rebound
off on a breaking look man dude gets the
chicken strips I tried to die for it to
save the ball so trade dog coming and
getting a slam man can't believe I lost
the ball right there man and i think my
my ball security is up there so they
finally passing me the boy whoo finally
getting my second point of the game and
it's been a while but eh it's all good
as long as I'm out here gettin these
rebound so I fans to boil up to my point
lead oh look at him just powering his
way through the paint that Philly to
philly connection right there man
beautiful slam right there so look at
these guys trying to cherry-pick going
up beautiful defense by me and libro but
they wound up getting the rebound so
they be setting the ball and you notice
guys thinking three but no sir look at
your boy off to the races I couldn't
just don't get mad but I'm like you know
what I'm gonna throw it up and get this
assistant so bam bam throwing it up from
deep getting at the go big shot right
there making this game 1916 and wow look
at that past these guys are
cherry-picking luckily missed that I'm
glad he missed that cuz nine times out
of ten man they tell you in that
animation where you lose the ball so my
teammate coming down loses them I don't
know about that shot right there man we
didn't need the two but it's all good so
these guys are coming out getting a donk
this is not the time to mess up so they
made the game 1917
oh come on man we gotta make these
points cows so they advance the ball to
my boy libros swings it over to me i was
thinking three minutes so i swing it
back to lebo throwing it up getting it
to go from the three that's all i got
for you guys man your boy was out here
beating on the boards and I mean come on
rebounds better than your boy SPL so you
see me over there trolling it's all I
got for you guys make sure you hit the
like button and until next time I catch
you guys later so y'all be easy catch
you guys on the next one yeah mmm money
team